So in the last lecture we created a single.php file. Let's now go to the content.php and let's display things differently
if we all are in a single page.
So first I'm gonna wrap my content in a class and this will just be used for styling. And
I'm gonna call it "c-post__inner".
So first we need to display the post thumbnail.
And that's actually gonna be for both, the single and in the loop as well.
So we don't have to do an if condition for that.
So let's do another if condition to check if we have a post thumbnail.
So to that we call the function called get_the_post_thumbnail().
And since we are in the loop we don't have to provide an ID.
And if this function is not equals to an empty string then we have the post thumbnail.
So let's just close the if condition.
So if you have post thumbnail we need to echo or output some HTML and I have a class called "c-post
"c-post__thumbnail"
And inside of it
let's output the post thumbnail. So let's call the_post_thumbnail().
It takes a "size".
And in case you don't have any WordPress experience before we'll have
an entire section about images in WordPress but just in a nutshell
when you upload an image to WordPress, WordPress will resize it to three different sizes; thumbnail, medium and large.
And when you retrieve an image you can choose which  size you want.
So let's choose large for now and later in the course we'll learn how to create custom image sizes.
So let's see now. Let's go to a post that has a thumbnail.
And as you can see we now have an image.
And using my class the "c-post__thumbnail" I added a negative margin just to fill the whole space here.
And of course we'll have it also in the single page.
So let's keep this one open and let's now, we actually need to add the thumbnail inside "post__inner".
And let's use some HTML5 tags as well.
So the title and the meta information, the date and the author, can be put in the HEADER tag.
So this will be the header of the post. And also we've a class for that for styling and "c-post
"c-post__header". And let's close it.
And this will include also the post meta.
But notice we have an H2 tag here, but in a single blog post we need the post title to have an H1 tag.
Right?
And that for SEO and that sort of stuff.
So let's now use our first is_single() if condition.
So "if (is_single())" and this will check obviously if we're in single post.
So let's copy this.
And let's type the else.
And inside the else we'll have the H2 and close the if condition.
And if it's single we have an H1 tag.
And we also have a class "single-title" and that's just for styling.
So "h1". So let's see now. And as you can see now we have a much bigger font here for the single blog page.
And it's not just for the size but the H1 tag is used for SEO. So in a single blog page
his is the main title for your page, right?
Next we have of course the "excerpt" and the "content"
So let's copy this condition.
And if single we'll have to output something else we'll have to output the "excerpt", right?
So this will be similar. So let's
copy this. But if single we'll have to instead of the "excerpt" we'll output the content.
And the class here also, we need to call it the "content".
So now we have all the content for this post. We also in the single blog page will have to remove
"Read More" and Delete Post".
And we'll have to remove this var_dump() anyways. So let's go here.
Let's remove this. And you can actually delete
this delete button. This feature was for testing the capabilities and that sort of stuff. It is not
important anyway. And let's write an if condition here.
And if not single
display the "Read More" link.
Otherwise we don't need to display it.
So fine.
Let's now just make sure.
It's still working there and fine.
Finally if we are in a single blog post we need to display after the content, the tags and categories.
And this is actually required.
You have to display the post tags and category somewhere in the theme.
So let's go to the content and we'll only have to add this if in single. So let's copy and close it. And
we have to type some stuff in it.
Right?
So we have the HEADER for the post and the part that will have the tags and categories can be the FOOTER.
Let's give it a class "c-post__footer". And let's open PHP.
So first we need to display the categories and we only need to display the categories
if the post has some categories,all right? So to do that we can use another conditional tag which is called
has_categories() or has_category().
And this will check if the current post has any categories. And if so we need to output these categories, right?
So let's echo function called get_the_category_list(). And it takes first argument a "separator".
So this will be a string of all the categories and they will be separated by something.
So in our case a ", " will be fine.
Comma and then space.
So let's see what this will output.
And we've one category here.
Let's go to another post where we have, let's search for categories.
So we've a post with many categories here as you can see.
So they are now separated by a ",". But we need to do something that might not come to mind.
We need to translate this ",". And this might sound weird but maybe in another language things are
separated differently, right?
So maybe in any language that is written from right to left the ","will have to be translated to
another ","in another direction.
So you have to provide this option in your theme.
You have to escape and translate this ","
And of course our text domain.
Let's now instead of echoing this let's put in a variable.
Let's call it $cats_list, cats for categories. And we need to add some text before the categories like
"Posted in"
and then the categories. So let's do a printf() and then escape and translate
and then "Posted in".
And then a placeholder.
And the text domain. And we need to replace this placeholder with our categories.
So let's save now.
And as you can see we have ""Posted in" and then the categories.
Let's now just echo some DIVs for styling.
So I have a DIV called
"c-post__tags" and close it.
Oh sorry, we're still in the categories, so "cats" .
And finally let's do something that will be very useful for translators.
Remember the comments that we had for translators.
So if you add a comment that starts with "translators"
and then ":". You can write the comment for the translator to explain this string here.
So when a translator will find a string that is just a "," it might be confused.
So you can write a comment and say "used between categories". And let's do the same also for the printf().
And mention that the placeholder.
So "%s is the categories list".
And then nothing will change here of course.
But we've added some useful stuff in our theme.
Let's now do the tags. So "if (has_tag())".
That will check if this post has any tags.
And we'll echo some styles. Let's copy this and change it to "tags", sorry.
And close it.
And in a similar way, let's create $tags_list variable. And call a function called get_the_tag_list().
And this one takes "before" and  "separater" and "after"
and "id".  So let's, we don't need the ID now. So let's say we need to add the tags in the lists, in a UL, unordered
list.
So how to do that given we have the list and we can add before and after and separater.
So "before" we need to add an opening tag for the UL.
Then "after" we need to add a closing tag for the UL. And then the "separator" we need to close the LI before
and then open the next one.
But this way for the first and last tag we will be missing the opening LI for the
first one and closing LI for the last one.
So let's echo this.
And let's see.
So we have our tags now.
And I did some styling for them.
So let's search for tags.
And we have a post "many tags". And just to make sure everything look fine. And let's inspects.
So what we do, we call the get_the_tag_list() function. As "before" the list
we echoed UL and then the LI for the first one. And then as a "separator" we outputted the closing LI
and then the opening LI for the next one.
Which is this.
And then "after" the list we echoed the closing UL and then the closing LI for the last tag.
So I hope this is clear.
I think that's it for
for the content.php now. Let's move on and after the content we need to display information about the
author.
So let's do this in the next lecture.